In this video.
We're going to tackle the show request handler.
This request handler is going to get information about a very specific order.
Once again, we're going to make sure that only authenticated users can access this handler.
And we're also going to make sure that users can only access their own orders so one user cannot look
at another user's orders.
In total, this raw handler is going to look very similar to the index, one that we just put together.
So let's just dive right in and get to it.
Back inside my editor, I'll find my roots directory and we've already created the show file inside
there.
So your show is at the very top.
We're going to add in a couple of different imports right away.
Without a doubt, we need the require off middleware from our common module.
I'm also going to get the order model.
From up to directories or simply just one directory models order.
Let's apply that require the middleware.
So right above the OR right before the actual request handling function will add in require off.
Then inside the handler itself, we're going to take the ID or the order ID off the request parameters
and we'll just try to fetch some order out of our database using that order ID.
So throw inside of your order is going to be a wait order find by ID.
Remember, that is how we look up a very particular record based on its ID and the idea that we want
to try to look up is going to be coming out of the request params object so it will be req params dot
order id.
We're really making a big assumption here, just assuming that the user is going to provide a accurate
or what looks like a MongoDB ID right here.
And we already had a discussion a little bit ago about doing some validation to make sure that a valid
ID is provided.
So we could add in a validation step to make sure that that params right there is looking like a real
MongoDB ID.
I'll leave that up to you if you want to add that in.
So we're now going to fetch the order.
And when we fetch the order, we probably want to also simultaneously retrieve the associated ticket
as well.
So we're going to once again use that populate system in Mongoose.
So to say that we want to find this order and also simultaneously fetch the associated ticket, we're
going to chain on to the very end dot populate ticket like so.
So now this should give us our order and the associated ticket.
When we run this query is entirely possible that we will not find any order whatsoever.
So a user might provide an invalid ID, they might provide an ID for some order that has not yet been
created.
Who knows?
The first thing we need to do is to make sure that we actually found in order.
They'll say, if we did not find an order, then we probably want to throw a not found error until the
user.
Sorry, but we were not able to actually find anything.
So if we get inside of here, we will throw a new not found air.
Let's make sure we import that air from our common module.
So not found air.
Very good.
Next up, if the user does not own this order, then we probably want to throw in error as well.
So again, one user cannot look at another user's orders.
So we'll say if.
The order stopped user ID.
So this thing's user ID if the person who owns this order is not equal to the idea of the person making
the request, well, we need to throw a not authorized error or something like that.
So let's say if the order is user ID is not equal to req current user.
And don't forget the exclamation because we want to tell TypeScript.
Don't worry, we already made sure that there is a current user property and then ID.
Then we will throw a new, not authorized air.
And once again, we need to make sure we import that from our common module.
So if we get past both those little checks right there, then that means, hey, we found the ID or
we found the order and we actually want to send this back to the user.
So at the very bottom we can replace that empty object with order and send back the entire thing to
the user.
That should be it.
Let's save this as usual.
We don't have really any mechanism right now to effectively test this because we don't have the ability
to really create tickets to associate with a given order.
So once again, we're going to take a quick pause, come back the next video and write out a quick test.
And don't worry, the test for this is going to go way faster than the index one we just put together.
So let's take a pause right here.
Get started on this in just a moment.